Compose Multiplatform 1.11.0-beta02 (#667)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/whats-new/whats-new-compose-111.md

[//]: # (title: What's new in Compose Multiplatform 1.11.0-beta02)

Here are the highlights for this EAP feature release:

* [Native iOS text input](#native-text-input)

> * [Compose UI tests v2](#compose-ui-tests-v2)

Reviewer: This is unfortunate Google naming, should we expand it to something like "v2 version of Compose testing API"? Otherwise it just reads colloquially shortened.

## Across platforms

### Compose UI tests v2

> Compose Multiplatform introduces support for v2 `ComposeUiTest` APIs on non-Android targets. 

Reviewer: Should we link the Google docs? https://developer.android.com/develop/ui/compose/testing/migrate-v2
Again, to highlight that it's not a homebrew component but yet another multiplatform implementation of a Jetpack feature.

These new APIs use `StandardTestDispatcher` as the default test dispatcher instead of `UnconfinedTestDispatcher`. 
This change ensures coroutines are executed in order based on the event queue, improving test reliability and 
alignment with production behavior.

We've also added support for the `effectContext` parameter in Compose UI tests v2.
This parameter allows you to specify a custom coroutine context when running compositions.

> The previous test APIs, such as `runComposeUiTest`, `runSkikoComposeUiTest`, and `runDesktopComposeUiTest`, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previously offered test APIs, such as `runComposeUiTest`, `runSkikoComposeUiTest`, and `runDesktopComposeUiTest`, 
```

APIs are not lying on a clear timeline, so simply "previous" seems overly simplified to me, but that's a nitpick.
